[Clang] prevent assertion failure in value-dependent initializer expressions (#112612)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

  certain situations. (#GH47400), (#GH90896)
- Fix erroneous templated array size calculation leading to crashes in generated code. (#GH41441)
- During the lookup for a base class name, non-type names are ignored. (#GH16855)

> - Fixed an assertion failure when evaluating constant expressions in value-dependent initializers (#GH112140)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an assertion failure when evaluating an invalid expression in an array initializer (#GH112140)
```
